= imaparchi

* http://github.com/rheikvaneyck/imapArchi

== DESCRIPTION:

..is a ruby program for archive emails from a imap server. Development is in progress, 
plan is to archive emails and make them searchable:

- Download IMAP emails into a local database
- separate attachments from messages
- categorise emails
- tag important emails for later progress
- analyse email usage

Current idea is to use sqlite3 as the database to store all the data in. The 
Google-chart-API is utilized to visualize the analyse data. Security protocols
shall be used for authentication and transmitting emails.

Enjoy watching the progress or despair of it.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

The current work is in a very early develpment state, so u can not use this 
tool right now.

== SYNOPSIS:

  FIX (code sample of usage)

== REQUIREMENTS:

- activerecord
- shoulda
- googlecharts

== INSTALL:

sudo gem install imaparchi

== LICENSE:

(The GPL)

Copyright (c) 2012 Marcus Nasarek

ServerHealth is copyrighted free software by Marcus Nasarek.
You can redistribute it and/or modify it under either the terms of the GPL
(see COPYING.txt file).

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.